Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Ryan] "Dear Carter,
I hope you never have to read this letter.
In the last few years,
I've kept a secret from you.
This tore me apart,
because we've never lied to each other.
But you deserve to know the truth.
For the past several years,
I've been researching the connection
between magnetite and seismic activity.
This space mission is a cover story.
The public does not know
I am actually on a classified assignment
to test out my theory."
- [Hayley] Mom!
- [Carter] Ryan, dinner's ready.
[Alex] Quick!
Hayley's gonna eat all the cake!
- [Hayley chuckling]
- [chuckling]
[Ryan] "If my theory works,
we will have the ability
not only to detect earthquakes
but to predict when they will strike,
saving countless lives.
Unfortunately, this technology,
in the wrong hands,
can also induce earthquakes.
I know there are people out there
who will be happy to see our mission fail.
I suspect Judy Hayward,
my mission's project manager,
but I don't have
the evidence to prove it."
[sighs]
"If you are reading this,
it means that my concerns are correct
and that something has happened to me.
My dear Carter,
you are the love of my life."
I think we should start with a toast.
[Ryan] "It broke my heart
to hide the truth from you."
- To Mom.
[Ryan] "But I did it to protect you
and Hayley and Alex.
I love you always, Ryan."
[theme music playing]
Oh, cool. Guys, so let's put the DJ booth
over here in this corner. Yeah?
Thank you.
Leo, my man with the guitar.
Thank you so much for bringing that.
You rock. You're gonna be great tonight.
Hey, so I like this fish here,
but I think it would be better
in the back and just...
Oh, my God. Parker!
That is so cool.
Where did you get this from?
Yeah, well, my uncle
does props for commercials,
so he let me borrow it for the dance.
- Seriously?
- Yeah.
- Oh, my God. Parker, thank you so much.
- Of course.
- You are the best!
- Yeah, well, I'm glad you like it.
- I love it. Thank you. I'll see you later?
- Okay.
Good luck. Thanks.
Back to the fish...
[Sophie continues speaking indistinctly]
- Hayley, focus, all right?
- [sighs]
I can't decide.
Which one do you like more?
What, are you... You asking me?
I don't have a clue.
- Your mom never wore dresses.
- Let me see the blue one again.
Could you just put it up against yourself?
What? Oh, come on.
Sweetie, I'm already late for work.
I know, Dad. And I'm really excited
that you're back to your old job.
But this is really important.
[clears throat]
Did you know that until the 1980s,
this was the most censored book
in American schools?
Teachers felt like it was a bad influence,
which is probably why it was popular
in the first place.
Listen... [clears throat]
would you like to be my date?
What?
[stammers] Would you like to be my date
to the party tonight?
I... I tried asking Emma,
but she's not going.
So I figured, what the heck, I'd ask you.
What do you say?
No, thanks.
- Why not?
- I'm not going.
But... why?
- I'm trying to read.
- [sighs]
Show me the other one.
Which one is more '50s?
You're from the last century,
you must know.
[sighs] Yeah, uh,
I'm going to ignore that. Uh...
[Max] Come on, Jackie,
it'll be so much fun.
And you even get to wear a 1950s outfit.
I'm not wearing anything. Leave me alone.
- You know what, Dad? Send me them both.
- [Carter] Sure thing.
What's your problem?
[sighs]
- Yo, D, could I talk to you for a second?
- What's up?
[sighs] All right, I may need
to ask you for a small favour.
- All right.
I thought it would be pretty cool
if I asked Sophie to be my date.
- Sophie?
- Yeah.
Really?
Okay.
Anyway, I...
You know, I just figured
you could talk to Brooke
and, like, see if she's
dating anyone right now.
[scoffs] What are you,
in the second grade?
You want me to go pass her a note
in math class? Come on. Jeez.
Yeah, you're right. Forget it.
[Brooke laughing]
Where are you going? D...
Hey, why don't I take
a picture of you two, huh?
Oh, that's okay, Daniel.
We got some good selfie shots.
Oh, I'm sure you did.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- Nothing.
Here, why don't I, uh,
take a photo of you two?
Uh, no, thanks, Alex. I wouldn't wanna be
a third wheel to your party.
Hey, Alex, I need your help
with some of these party decorations.
Why is Daniel mad at me?
[scoffs] Daniel's mad at the world.
But... I have an idea
that might calm him down.
[news anchor] NASA reports there's
still no communication with the satellite
after 48 hours.
Growing opposition demands
reduced funding for future NASA space...
[sighs]
What's up, Sophie?
- Oh, hey, Parker.
- Hey.
- Uh, you got a minute?
- Yeah, sure.
Great, great. Um...
Listen, I was just kind of thinking
maybe you'd...
you know, like to go with me
to the dance tonight.
Oh, my God,
that's so sweet of you, Parker.
But Alex just asked me to go
to the dance with him, and I said yes.
- Oh, wow.
- Yeah, sorry.
- Yeah, no. It's... it's totally cool.
- [chuckles]
- Yeah, but you look super nice, though.
- [scoffs]
Thank you. It's the... Well...
Yeah, I'll let you finish.
Okay. Good to see you.
♪ Guess I act too quickly
I'm probably a fool ♪
♪ Should I have taken one more breath
And try and keep my cool ♪
♪ But all the time
Just never seems to be ♪
What is this?
Nothing.
I can't tell you. It's kind of a surprise.
I really hate surprises.
You'll love this one. Trust me.
Now, what kind of school is this?
Don't you kids have homework to do?
Dad!
- Hey.
- I thought you were late for work.
I told Chief Diggs
I had a special delivery to make first.
- [gasps] Thank you.
- Mmm-hmm.
- Oh, gosh. I haven't been here in years.
- [Hayley] Mmm-hmm.
Mmm. Your mom always used to be up
on that board when she was a student here.
Hmm. No pressure.
That's nice.
Yeah, it is.
Which reminds me, I also brought you this.
Your mom would've wanted you
to wear this tonight.
It's beautiful.
Thank you.
I just don't get it.
One minute Daniel's fine,
and the next, watch out.
Well, he's obviously
going through something.
But that doesn't mean
he should take it out on you.
I know. That's what I'm saying.
You know, he's just mad at me
because I suggested his mom
had something to do with the car accident.
Well, maybe he's right, Brooke.
I mean, you know
how protective he is of his mom.
But, hey, don't ruin the dance
for yourself. Okay?
You're just going through a rough patch.
You two are a great couple.
[sighs] I know. Thanks, Soph.
So, you and Alex?
I told Alex he had to ask me out
to the dance to get Daniel off his back.
But you know what?
Alex really isn't afraid to be himself.
- I think that's kind of cool.
- [chuckles]
Plus, he's cute.
Once in a gazillion years,
I ask you for one favour.
And now I don't even have anyone
to go to the dance with.
- So you're blamin' me?
- Yeah!
Wow, Parker.
I really didn't think you were that naive.
Naive?
That guy is a snake.
Alex pretends to be our friend, then he
hits on my girlfriend behind my back.
And now this dude's trying
to come between me and you.
- So you think...
- Look, just between us,
he is the one who's been telling me to
convince you to stop running for captain.
- What?
- Yeah.
Hey, Dad. Wait there. I'm coming.
[Sophie chuckles]
- Sorry about what happened with Daniel.
- Don't apologize. You did nothing wrong.
[chuckles]
[dance music playing]
So I get why Daniel's mad at me,
but what did I ever do to Parker?
Oh, my gosh. I was afraid of that.
Of what?
Remember when I asked you
to ask me out to the dance?
Parker came and asked me out right after.
Should we tell him what happened?
No. No way.
That'll only make things worse.
[grunts] I'm so screwed.
[inaudible]
Remember, it's always best
to do one button, and just the top one.
I know how a suit works, Max, thank you.
- [wolf whistles]
- Cut it out.
- Hey.
[indistinct chatter]
- Wow.
- Look at you!
I feel weird. I can't breathe.
You look so different.
In a good way, I guess.
I mean, I'm sure.
- Do you remember the rules?
- I think so. No, I don't.
A, no slow dancing.
- B, do not call me your date.
- Okay. Great Scott!
And C, don't quote
Back to the Future to me again ever.
You're dying to kiss me, aren't you?
You like to get right to the point,
don't you, Woods?
No. I just remembered that you
once said kissing me wasn't a good idea.
I say a lot of stupid things.
I'll keep that in mind.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
Okay.
[dance music playing]
Hello there. So, are you guys dating?
Um, I'm sure we'll find out the answer
on your blog tomorrow.
- Very funny.
- [Hayley chuckles]
Did you see Dad? Doesn't he look great?
Totally. I'm so happy he's back at work.
- Me, too.
- Yeah.
Things are starting to fall into place,
don't you think?
Yeah, except that every guy
at my clubhouse hates me. So there's that.
How'd you swing that? I thought he choked.
He came to his senses.
Dad told me he brought you this.
She'd be proud of you.
[laughs]
Max, stop it. You're embarrassing me.
My mom's made me take dance classes
since I was five.
She said they would come in handy
if I became the president
and had to dance at a state dinner.
- Same with us at juvie.
- Really?
Come on.
Hello. Don't you see these?
So we'll dance real slow.
[sighs]
[line ringing]
[Brandon] This is Brandon Thomas,
Director of NASA.
Please leave a message after the tone.
[beeps]
Hello. My name is Emma Geller.
I'm a student at the Greenhouse.
I would like to talk to you
about what happened to your satellite.
[sighs]
Checkmate.
[dance music continues playing]
Psst. Thirsty?
- Thanks.
- [chuckles] I'll join you.
Hey, that jukebox of yours... Great idea.
You're an amazing DJ, you know that?
- [chuckles] Thanks, Sophie.
- [chuckles]
Cheers.
- [feedback whines]
- Oh, that's me. I gotta go. Be back.
[on earphones] This is Brandon Thomas,
Director of NASA.
Please leave a message after the tone.
[beeps]
[Emma] Hello. My name is Emma Geller.
I'm a student at the Greenhouse.
I would like to talk to you
about what happened to your satellite.
[students cheering]
All right, guys.
We have a special surprise for you.
So he may be a Raven, but the Eagles
had to have the best guitar player around.
So I'd like to welcome
our very own Leo McFly!
- [all cheering]
- Go get 'em, rock star.
All right, this next one's an oldie
but it's a goodie.
Hope you guys can keep up.
[playing '50s rock and roll music]
You know, there's good reason
this dance move is extinct.
It's ridiculous.
- Great Scott!
- [laughs]
I didn't know you liked
Back to the Future.
Like it?
I have the entire movie memorized.
- I must have seen it, like, 64 times.
- [both chuckle]
Wait. Is this a flux capacitor?
It is. [chuckles]
- Where are you going?
- To have some fun.
[students cheering]
All right, so I wrote this one
for someone special I met recently.
[students] Whoo!
Hayley, this one's for you.
['50s style pop music playing]
♪ It happened in a moment ♪
♪ Nobody gave a cue ♪
♪ One look into your brown eyes ♪
♪ I knew it was you
I knew it was you ♪
♪ It's like a perfect casting
You're born to play the part ♪
♪ There's no going back now ♪
♪ You've taken my heart
You've taken my heart ♪
♪ I guess I act too quickly
I'm probably a fool ♪
♪ Should I have taken one more breath
And try and keep my cool? ♪
♪ But all the time
Just never seems to be enough ♪
♪ When you're the one and only thing
That I am thinking of ♪
[all cheering]
Aspen, what are you doing here?
[sighs] Surprise.
.srt Extracted, Synced and Corrected
by Dan4Jem, AD.II.MMXVIII
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org